Add criticalCHRestart docs (#32555)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancenavigationtiming/criticalchrestart/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceNavigationTiming: criticalCHRestart property"
short-title: criticalCHRestart
slug: Web/API/PerformanceNavigationTiming/criticalCHRestart
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceNavigationTiming.criticalCHRestart
---

{{APIRef("Performance API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> Website can indicate that a particular Client Hint is critical to the page by including it in a {{HTTPHeader("Critical-CH")}} HTTP response header. Doing so will trigger a connection restart if the hint listed in the `Critical-CH` HTTP response header could be (but wasn't) included in the HTTP request initially sent.

Reviewer: The hint must also be listed in the Accept-CH response header, otherwise it's ignored. Critical-CH items can also be ignored if the hint isn't returnable by the browser.

Author: WDYT about this?:

```suggestion
A website can indicate that a particular Client Hint is critical to the page by including it in a {{HTTPHeader("Critical-CH")}} HTTP response header (as well as the {{HTTPHeader("Accept-CH")}} HTTP request header which is needed for all client hints whether critical or not). Doing so will trigger a connection restart if the hint listed in the `Critical-CH` HTTP response header could be (but wasn't) included in the HTTP request initially sent. This requires the browser to support that client hint, otherwise it is ignored and no connection restart occurs.
```

Reviewer: SGTM

The **`criticalCHRestart`** read-only property represents the time at which the connection restart occured.

## Value

> A {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} representing the time after navigation {{domxref("PerformanceEntry.startTime")}} when the connection restart occured in milliseconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} representing the time, in milliseconds, after navigation {{domxref("PerformanceEntry.startTime")}} when the connection restart occurred.
```

(we could omit "in milliseconds" because it's implicit in the definition of `DOMHighResTimeStamp`, but probably worth keeping)

Might it be clearer to say "representing the number of milliseconds elapsed since {{domxref("PerformanceEntry.startTime")}}"? Is that even correct?

Author: ```suggestion
A {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} representing the number of milliseconds elapsed since {{domxref("PerformanceEntry.startTime")}} when the connection restart occurred in milliseconds.
```

If the value is `0` the connection was not restarted.

## Examples

### Detecting connection restart pages

The following JavaScript can be used to see if the connection was restarted:

```js

> let restartTime =

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const restartTime =
```
